Documentation: Vault Docs (#8936)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/installation/readme.md

Installing to your local machine can be troublesome for many reasons such as a
conflicting database and runtime versions.

Another way you can get a development environment up and running is with

> containers. Using containers will setup everything you need in an isolated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containers. They will set up everything you need in an isolated
```

> environment, and you need not concern about the details of setting everything up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, and you need not worry about the details of setting everything up
```

> locally. We have instructions for getting setup with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locally. We have instructions for getting set up with
```
